yo guys f JK gazed here from F JK gaming
and today we're going to do a little
review of the cyborg rat free gaming
mouse pad this mouse for about three
months now say I've had a good chance to
get used to the mouse and I was going to
do an unboxing but to be honest I
thought it'd be better to have had lots
of experience of it and now I'm used to
it now see I can give you more of an
experience point of view on it um so to
start this fair tix obviously it's a
very different looking mouse to all of
the other conventional mouses ah you
know may see for your the styling we've
got some of these wise here as you can
see in the bottom you don't get that in
normal Mouse's and just the general you
know these all of the grips and stuff
very different to even some of the other
gaming mouses like the logitech series
and stuff so functionality you got four
different DPI settings it goes up t let
me just check for it yeah 3,200 DPI so
DPI is how many per per inch how many
pixels you cover so obviously if you've
got a larger DPI then you're covering
more pixels per inch so you get more
they'll feel more sensitive so depending
on what screen size you have and how you
use a mouse whether you like it altra
sensitive if you like to be able to move
it around quite a bit you can adjust
your dpi and one of the cool things is
it's not a set DPI as well say in the
software you can change a dpi for each
mode say when you click this red button
shows you which DPI I'm setting your own
by which mode so when you click go up
and down that's using the middle and
click it here so forwards goes up down
this down all the sleek so that's really
helping for well I found it helped me to
get help get like a really good
sensitivity and DPI setting that I was
really comfortable
that you can't really deal with a normal
mouse so they obviously you can put the
round with sensitivities and games but
it gives a good all-round setting and
then more adjustability free software
you've got there here if you can see you
can do profile say you click on it and
it will change profile and so on okay
say setting your profile again that's
free the software so as you can see you
got made here and say you can program
all the buttons to do different things
on the mouse so the buttons you've got
you've got the tea here so that's a
shaky camera you got backwards forwards
so when you're scrolling internet
changing pages and stuff doing games
changing guns or whatever but I tend to
use the scroll wheel scroll is really
meeting big as you can see which is
brilliant there's no fumbling around for
it there you can feel it um feels very
nice to scroll and everything really
durable feel to it it's got this rapid
fire left mouse trigger not sure why
it's called rapid fire it must be
because it's more easy to click and a
period of time but it's probably just
for marketing really I can't see how
it'd be much much different tile mousers
but that said it you know it feels nice
to play for everything when you're
gaming and staff say and then I'll see
you got this massive right click you can
click it here as well that will activate
the right click it's nice and wide so
you know some people have their fingers
close together some rather than like
that so it it you know caters for
everyone size-wise now obviously the
rat-free isn't physically adjustable
free I like the other rats they don't
have any this doesn't have any um knobs
anything but you can buy meaning that
scree and then there's a another person
honkey
but there's a screw in there and you can
adjust this it comes back and forwards
and you can adjust this i think the
height or something but i remember i'd
say the more expensive rats they got
like a like you have here they got like
a side grip i'd say it would be really
helpful because i find this one I've got
quite big hands so I tend to tend to
like drag my finger a bit which I get
today it gets really annoying so I'm
pretty sure you can buy the grips though
so it's not a massive problem
quality-wise as I've been saying it's
good quality but it does feel pretty
plastic there's no metal parts on it
unlike the other rats where you've got
metal runners and stuff doesn't have
that but then again it is a budget rat
mouse so you wouldn't really expect to
have all the bells and whistles on it it
doesn't have an adjustable weights it
feels pretty light as well so if you
like it more heavy mouse I'd recommend
getting something with adjustable wait
cuz yeah it's a bit bit like the runners
you got got quite a few on the bottom of
the mouse which helps it be really
smooth and it doesn't catch on the mouse
pad at all again you've got your laser
adjustable laser which is cool these do
pick up quite a bit dust on the edges
say you need to make sure that you d
keep on top of that otherwise that would
get crap in here obviously it's a wide
mouse which a lot of people saying the
wireless mousers are getting a lot
better but I think for gaming you always
want to stick with wide mouth um just
because you don't get any lag or and
it's completely responsive and
everything it's got a gold braided
connection say so far I mean it's been
perhaps you flawless for me and the
software get rid of part about it the
software is brilliant this really easy
to use everything's can customize all of
your stuff yeah to summarize it
the positives really responsive feels
really nice in the hand very smooth
glides around no problems adjustability
is great however quality it does feel a
bit plasticky but then again I think
that is completely outweighed by how how
nicest mouse is to use and how good it
feels in my hand and then obviously
adjustability be the only other thing
but for for a budget rat mouse or
definitely give this 9 out of 10 without
a doubt like comment subscribe for more
reviews this is my first one say yep be
doing my steelseries mouse pad next and
then the dell XPS 15 and then i'll say
i've got my hands on a dell XPS desktop
one of the 2012 ones with an i7 say
maybe I did a bit of a if you review on
that or so in the description check out
some of the gameplay of this mouse I'll
probably put in a quick scoping video or
something so you can see how accurate is
yeah I hope you enjoyed like